CASMINST-4883: Provide details on restoring CFS configuration for NCN worker nodes (#1959)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_2.md

   > **NOTE:** The root password for the node may need to be reset after it is rebooted.

1. Assign a new CFS configuration to the worker node.

   The content of the new CFS configuration is described in _HPE Cray EX System Software Getting Started Guide S-8000_, section
   "HPE Cray EX Software Upgrade Workflow" subsection "Cray System Management (CSM)". Replace `${NEW_NCN_CONFIGURATION}` with

>    the name of the new CFS configuration and `${XNAME}` with the xname of ncn-w001.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the name of the new CFS configuration and `${XNAME}` with the component name (xname) of the worker node that was upgraded.
```
